[EDU-2497] feat: graphql resample (#425)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/api-graphql/features/features.mdx

The offset is set for 15, meaning your response will start with the 16th result, and the limit is set for 30, meaning your response will give you a total of 30 results. In this case, you'll receive a response from the 16th result until the 45th result.

:::note

> If your data is constantly updated, using pagination may cause missing or duplicate data when you run more than one request using the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your data is constantly updated, using pagination may cause missing or duplicate data when multiple requests are run using this feature.
```

:::

---

## Resampling

Available for: <Badge>Real-Time Metrics GraphQL API</Badge>

The **Resample** feature allows you to resample your data to display a smaller amount of data points being exhibited on charts. It works according to the rule you pass in the `function` field.

You can use it to complement the limit you add to your query, as the default data points in charts may not be the ideal number for your analysis.

:::note
If an extrapolation of data occurs, the API's backend will overwrite the value you passed and run the closests calculation possible according to the available data.
:::

The query *must contain* the `function` field and its properties as well as have the `groupBy` field containing the `ts` variable.

> By specifying `sum`, you'll receive a total sum of the data points in that interval. By specifying `mean`, you'll receive a calculation of sum + division.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By specifying `sum`, you'll receive a total sum of the data points in that interval. By specifying `mean`, you'll receive a calculation of *sum + division*.
```

See an example:

```graphql
query httpRequestCount {
  httpMetrics(
    limit: 10000,
    resample: {
      function: sum
      points: 100
    }
    filter: {
      tsRange: {
        begin:"2023-08-16T20:17:00", end:"2023-09-17T21:16:00"
      }
    },
    groupBy: [ts]
    orderBy: [ts_ASC]
  ) 
  {        
    ts
   	dataTransferredIn
  	dataTransferredOut
    dataTransferredTotal
  }
}
```

Say your original query result, without resampling, returned *1,456 logs*. Since you queried for a resample of *100 points*, the calculation the API does is `1,456 // 100 = 14,56 minutes interval`. Since the API only uses integers (whole numbers), it'll round up the result to an interval of 14 minutes between each point returned.

However, the API doesn't discard the remaining `0,56 minutes`. It keeps adding them until the number becomes an integer and them sums it to the original requested points.

In the example used, it returned the original `100` requested points plus the reamaining `4` points, resulting in a total of `104 points` for the resampled query.

:::note

> If you use a query with resampling, but your data already returns an amount of points that are accessible to charts, such as `30 points`, for example, the API will ignore the resampling request and return all points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a query with resampling, but your data already returns an amount of points that are accessible to charts, such as `30 points`, the API will ignore the resampling request and return all points.
```
